Code Snippet 1
The first code snippet defines a Point class that represents a point in two-dimensional space. The class contains a private member variable arr, which is an array of two integers representing the x and y coordinates of the point, respectively. The class also defines a constructor that takes two integer arguments representing the x and y coordinates of the point, respectively. In addition, the class overloads the [] operator to allow indexing into the arr array, so that the x coordinate can be accessed using point[0] and the y coordinate can be accessed using point[1].

Code Snippet 2
The second code snippet also defines a Point class that represents a point in two-dimensional space. However, unlike the first code snippet, the arr member variable is dynamically allocated using new and is a pointer to an array of two integers. The class also defines a constructor that takes two integer arguments representing the x and y coordinates of the point, respectively. In addition, the class overloads the [] operator to allow indexing into the dynamically allocated arr array, so that the x coordinate can be accessed using point[0] and the y coordinate can be accessed using point[1]. The [] operator returns a reference to the indexed element, allowing it to be used to modify the coordinates of the point.

Code Snippet 3
The third code snippet defines an Overs class that represents the number of overs and balls bowled in a cricket match. The class contains a private member variable arr, which is a dynamically allocated array of two integers representing the number of overs and balls bowled, respectively. The class also defines a constructor that takes two integer arguments representing the number of overs and balls bowled, respectively. In addition, the class defines two member functions, getBalls() and getOvers(), that return the number of balls and overs bowled, respectively. The class also overloads the pre-increment and post-increment operators, ++, to allow for convenient updating of the number of balls bowled. When the number of balls reaches 6, the number of overs is incremented and the number of balls is reset to 0.
